---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/cursos/ingenieria-civil/2024-2/evaluaciones/holy-spirit/rt-2-ttf-229/","tags":["evaluación"]}
---

# Temario oficial
- No need to study
- Correlate what you'll read with three ideas of the class.
	- Literally
- Receive a text 2-3 pages
- No notes
- Each paragraph of the text is a main idea
- Personal opinion
	- Distance from the text and agree/disagree
- Link actions with fruits, **gifts** and charisms
<h3><span>móduloEvaluación</span></h3><p><span><div class="block-language-dataviewjs node-insert-event" style="overflow-x: auto;"><h1 dir="auto"><span>Datos</span></h1><p dir="auto"><span>Quedan -306 días</span></p><p dir="auto"><span>Entendimiento promedio: 9</span></p><p dir="auto"><span>Número de conceptos: 1</span></p><p dir="auto"><span>Coeficiente de prioridad: 0.002</span></p><h1 dir="auto"><span>Notas Asociadas</span></h1><div dir="auto" style="overflow-x: auto;"><table class="dataview table-view-table"><thead class="table-view-thead"><tr class="table-view-tr-header"><th class="table-view-th" dir="auto"><span>Nombre</span><span class="dataview small-text">1</span></th><th class="table-view-th" dir="auto"><span>Entendimiento</span></th></tr></thead><tbody class="table-view-tbody"><tr><td dir="auto"><span><a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" data-href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" class="original-internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow" style="display: none;">Charisms</a><a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" data-href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" class="internal-link mathLink-internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">Charisms</a></span></td><td dir="auto"><span>9</span></td></tr></tbody></table></div><h1 dir="auto"><span>Tasks</span></h1><div><div class="dataview dataview-error-box"><p class="dataview dataview-error-message" dir="auto">Dataview: No results to show for task query.</p></div></div><h1 dir="auto"><span>Notas memorizables</span></h1><div><table class="dataview table-view-table"><thead class="table-view-thead"><tr class="table-view-tr-header"><th class="table-view-th"><span>Nombre</span><span class="dataview small-text">0</span></th><th class="table-view-th"><span>Memorizado</span></th></tr></thead><tbody class="table-view-tbody"></tbody></table><div class="dataview dataview-error-box"><p class="dataview dataview-error-message" dir="auto">Dataview: No results to show for table query.</p></div></div><h1 dir="auto"><span>Orden de creación</span></h1><div dir="auto" style="overflow-x: auto;"><table class="dataview table-view-table"><thead class="table-view-thead"><tr class="table-view-tr-header"><th class="table-view-th" dir="auto"><span>Nombre</span><span class="dataview small-text">1</span></th><th class="table-view-th" dir="auto"><span>Creada el día</span></th></tr></thead><tbody class="table-view-tbody"><tr><td dir="auto"><span><a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" data-href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" class="original-internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow" style="display: none;">Charisms</a><a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" data-href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" href="Cursos/Ingeniería Civil/2024-2/Holy Spirit/2 I believe in the Holy Spirit. Testimonies from Scripture and Tradition about God's Spirit in the History of Salvation/Charisms.md" class="internal-link mathLink-internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">Charisms</a></span></td><td dir="ltr">12:44 p.m. - noviembre 08, 2024</td></tr></tbody></table></div></div></span></p>
